At our convention, they had the meeting
for the School for Kingdom Evangelizers.
My friend Anton asked if I was going to go.
Hi, Gabriel.
Oh, hi, Anton.
Are you coming?
Uh, to what?
The SKE meeting.
Oh, uh, no.
I wasn’t planning on it,
but all right, yeah, sure.
I’ll go.
OK, then, and afterward, I can . . .
I went, but I felt conflicted.
I thought,
‘I already have an assignment,
one that I love.’
But I didn’t fully understand
the incredible privilege of attending SKE.
I asked the circuit overseer
a few more questions.
And it felt like, this is it!
It seemed right,
and all I had to do was apply online.
But that was months ago.
So, what’s holding you back?
I feel like Jehovah led me here,
and I’ve never been happier.
But now another door has opened,
and the fear is back.
It doesn’t matter how far you’ve come.
Fear of the unknown can be overwhelming.
Sometimes you need a reminder that Jehovah
is leading you in the right direction.
Here’s one to keep in mind
—Philippians 4:13.
Read it, and just think
about how far Jehovah has taken you.
“For all things I have the strength
through the one who gives me power.”
Jehovah is in control.
What was I so afraid of?
I’m bringing too much.
Well, SKE is for two months.
Oh, you’re just alike you two,
bringing every last thing with you.
Can I—can I leave this with you?
It’s been on a few adventures,
but it’s still great for traveling.
Really?
Yeah, please.
Who knows, you might need it sometime soon.